# Enhancement One

## Software Engineering/Design

This artifact is from CS 360, Mobile Architecture and Programming, and it is a weight tracker application created on the Android platform. This application would take inputs from the user and track them on a table. This application was created about a year ago, in December 2022. 
I selected this item for the ePortfolio because it represents an understanding of mobile programming of applications, which is more up to date with today since a lot more people are accessing things on their mobile phones than ever before. So, understanding mobile programming showcases the skill of being able to create applications on mobile platforms as well as the standard platform, showcasing a great skill in software development of being able to port to different platforms. This artifact was improved by adding more frequent and better descriptive comments throughout the code so that anyone can follow along with what is occurring in the code itself. The login functionality of the program was also improved since the original version of the program would crash upon attempting to login. I believe that the course objectives that I planned on meeting are met within this enhancement in Module One. I learned a lot on the initial creation of the project, which was how to design and engineer something as big as an android application. It taught me a lot in the aspect of software design. Improving upon it also taught me a lot more. One additional thing that it taught me is how important commenting throughout the code can be in order to have consistent coding that is also able to be followed throughout the design process by others. It also taught me how to create a login interface that is well designed for the user in mind. The biggest challenge on this application is getting the login part of the application to function properly. 


[Software Engineering/Design Repository](https://github.com/Tydyp/SoftwareEngineering) 
